SPDX Defects Team meeting - 16th March 2022 (#139)
spdx/meetings: defects/2022-03-16.md

* Thomas: No but we should formulate the wording that it strongly suggests to do so (e.g. with the aim of future compatibility with SPDX 3.x)
* Jeff: option to include this in an appendix that provides guidance
* Thomas: In order to convey security information in SPDX 2.x we need to use one of the three options. It is only a recommended practice.

### Dick Brook's proposed practices document for SBOM relating to patches
* Thomas: could also use PACKAGE_MANAGER ExternalRef type instead of just SECURITY. Allows consumers of the SBOM to look up vulnerabilities from the identifiers.
* Discussion of SPDX root documents and where external reference references. The various external references could be at the root level or the package level depending on the context.
* Karsten: External reference is used to query vulnerability database to identfy the vulnerabilities
* Karsten: May need to be able to reference multiple CPEs
* Thomas: that can be easily accomodated including vendor change
* Dick: Option 3 is reasonable approach to go forward with. Can also use option 1 and 2 as necessary
* Anthony: Can we have some examples to see how the proposal would look?
* Thomas will look into it

> * Jeff Can we add Option 4 to capture the proposed options?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Jeff Can we add Option 4 to capture the proposed options?
* Jeff shared a table comparing the currently proposed options and additional option 4
```

Author: Updated

* Reference types - comments more flexible than identifiers. 
* Thomas: This is an initial release and not the perfect solution. A more elegant solution may come later in SPDX 3.0
* Dick: Need to be able to publish SBOMs in August to meet US Executive Order
* Thomas: SPDX 2.3 deadline is early April to meet release date
* Thomas: could use comment field to convey more information in SPDX 2.3
* Thomas: Option 2 is good enough with maybe some consensus required on the categories. Option 1 is more restricted (and is included in Option 2 via web category)
* Thomas: Start with simple set initially 
* Dick: Need to define semantics for each category in Option 2

> * Jeff: Option 2 options for single use case with regard to supported reference types

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Jeff: supported reference types in Option 2 only address one of the discussed use cases and standards
```

Author: Updated
